.TH "libcvautomation.h" 3 "11 Oct 2012" "Version 2.0" "libcvautomation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
libcvautomation.h \- The top-level include for all projects involving libcvautomation. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <limits.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <opencv/cv.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <opencv/highgui.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <X11/Xlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <X11/Xutil.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <X11/extensions/XTest.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <libcvautomation/libcvautomation-opencv.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <libcvautomation/libcvautomation-xlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <libcvautomation/libcvautomation-xtest.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcvaPoint\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIVery simple structure to standardize how points are used in libcvautomation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcvautomationList\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIImplements a structure to build an array for methods like \fBmatchSubImage_a()\fP. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIBCVAUTOMATION_VERSION\fP   '2.0'"
.br
.RI "\fIDefine what version of Libcvautomation we are using. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIBCVAUTOMATION_BUGREPORT\fP   'bspeice@uncc.edu'"
.br
.RI "\fIDefine who to send bug reports to for Libcvautomation. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The top-level include for all projects involving libcvautomation. 

This source file includes all other files needed for libcvautomation projects, and also defines the \fBcvautomationList\fP and \fBcvaPoint\fP structs to be used among libcvautomation functions. 
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Bradlee Speice 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBlibcvautomation.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define LIBCVAUTOMATION_VERSION   '2.0'"
.PP
Define what version of Libcvautomation we are using. 
.PP
This define provides access to what version of Libcvautomation we're using. All times that you need to know what it is should use this. 
.SS "#define LIBCVAUTOMATION_BUGREPORT   'bspeice@uncc.edu'"
.PP
Define who to send bug reports to for Libcvautomation. 
.PP
This define provides access to who should be emailed in case of a Libcvautomation bug. All times that you need to know what it is should use this. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libcvautomation from the source code.
